My name is Bartholomew "Barty" Quibble, and I'm the owner of Quibble's Quirky Quilts, a small but (I think) rapidly growing online business specializing in, you guessed it, quilts.  I'm a former art teacher, so I have a good eye for color and design, but numbers?  Ugh.  Spreadsheets make me break out in a cold sweat.  That's why I need you. I'm a visual learner, so if you can explain things with charts and graphs, fantastic!  If not, well, just try to keep it simple. I also tend to get… enthusiastic.  I might interrupt you with ideas, some brilliant, some… less so. Just bear with me.  I also believe in positive reinforcement, so expect lots of exclamation points in my emails!  And please, call me Barty. Everyone does.

My problem is this: my quilt sales are… quirky.  Some months they're through the roof, other months I'm barely covering the cost of thread.  I’ve got a hunch it’s tied to my social media marketing, which, admittedly, is a bit haphazard. I post whenever I finish a new quilt, which could be three in a week or none for a month. Sometimes I run ads, sometimes I don't.  I’ve got data – website traffic, sales figures, social media engagement (likes, shares, etc.) – it’s all there, somewhere.  Probably in a bunch of different spreadsheets and notebooks.  Frankly, it's a mess.

What I need you to do is figure out what’s driving my sales.  Which social media platforms are actually working? Are my ads effective?  Is there a correlation between the *type* of quilt I post (e.g., modern, traditional, baby quilts) and the sales I make?  I *think* baby quilts are my best sellers, but I have no actual proof.  I need hard data! And, this is crucial, I need to know *when* to post.  Is there an optimal day or time?  Should I be posting more consistently?  

Now for the caveats: I have a limited budget for this project. Let’s just say it’s the price of a really nice, king-sized quilt.  Also, my cat, Mr. Fluffernutter, sometimes walks across my keyboard, so if you receive any emails consisting entirely of gibberish, just ignore them.  Finally, and this is a big one, I’m launching a new line of glow-in-the-dark quilts next month.  I *need* this analysis done before then so I can maximize my sales!  Think you can handle it?
