My name is Bartholomew "Barty" Quibble, and I'm the owner of Quibble's Quirky Quilts, a small but growing online business specializing in, well, quirky quilts.  I'm a former art teacher with a passion for vibrant colors, unconventional patterns, and a healthy dose of the absurd. I'm not a "numbers guy," but I understand that data analysis is like finding the hidden pictures in one of those Magic Eye posters – there's gold in there, you just need to know how to look. I'm a visual learner, so charts and graphs are my friends.  I also tend to get… enthusiastic.  Prepare for a lot of hand gestures and possibly the occasional impromptu limerick.  I communicate best through a mix of passionate pronouncements and hastily drawn diagrams on whatever scrap of paper is closest.  Oh, and I absolutely *detest* the color beige.  It reminds me of oatmeal.

Now, onto the problem.  My quilt sales have been… well, quirky.  Some months they're through the roof, other months they're flatter than a pancake.  I *think* it has something to do with my marketing campaigns. I run ads on various social media platforms, dabble in influencer marketing (that llama with the knitting needles was a *goldmine*, by the way), and occasionally send out email newsletters. I’ve collected a mountain of data on all of this - clicks, impressions, conversions, you name it. It's all in a series of spreadsheets, some handwritten notes tucked into my "Inspiration Journal," and a few crumpled receipts with important figures scribbled on the back.  

Here's what I need you to do: I need you to wrangle all this data chaos into something that makes sense. I want to know *exactly* which marketing efforts are driving sales and which are just burning money.  Specifically, I need to know if my llama influencer was worth the investment (I suspect he was). I also have a hunch that my "Groovy Granny Squares" quilt pattern is more popular during the colder months, but I need *data* to prove it.  

The caveat? I need this done by the end of next week. My Great Aunt Mildred's birthday is coming up, and I promised her an analysis of my "Rainbow Rhapsody" quilt sales as a present (she's a retired statistician, don't ask).  Oh, and one more thing:  absolutely no beige in any of the reports.  Use vibrant colors – think psychedelic, think rainbow, think… llama fleece.  Surprise me!  And if you can work a limerick or two into your presentation, you'll be my new favorite person.
