My name is Barnaby "Barnacle Butt" Butterfield III, and I'm the CEO of Butterfield's Barnacles, the world's leading purveyor of ethically harvested, artisanal barnacles.  I inherited this business from my father, Barnaby Jr., who inherited it from Barnaby Sr., who, frankly, found the barnacles clinging to his yacht one day and thought, "Hey, these crunchy little critters might be worth something!"  I have an MBA from Wharton, but let's be honest, I mostly coasted through on my family name and an uncanny ability to predict which way the tide is turning.  I know enough about data analysis to know that it involves… data… and analysis.  I’ve seen some fancy charts and graphs in presentations, and I understand that "regression" isn't some kind of psychological ailment. Look, I'm a big picture guy.  Just tell me what the numbers mean in plain English, no jargon.  I have a short attention span, so keep it concise.  And for the love of Poseidon, no pie charts. They remind me of those little limpet things that try to steal our barnacles.

Our problem is this: our barnacle sales have plateaued.  We've tried everything – new flavors (Sriracha Barnacle Brittle was a disaster), celebrity endorsements (that seagull incident with Captain Barnaclebeard really hurt our image), even a limited edition "Barnacle of the Month" club. Nothing seems to move the needle. I suspect it’s something to do with the lunar cycle. My great-aunt Mildred, a renowned clam whisperer, always said that barnacles are most succulent during a waning gibbous moon.  I need you to prove her right. Analyze our sales data from the past five years and correlate it with the lunar cycle.  I have all the data in a series of Excel spreadsheets, some handwritten notes on cocktail napkins, and a few voice memos I recorded while sailing (ignore the sea shanty singalongs, those are private).

Oh, and one more thing. My dog, Captain Crustacean, sometimes eats my notes.  So, if some data is missing, just… improvise.  He’s a good boy, and I trust his judgment almost as much as Aunt Mildred's.  And finally, the project needs to be completed by the next full moon.  I'm planning a big barnacle bake, and I need to know if Mildred's moon theory holds water (or, you know, seawater). There’s a hefty bonus in it for you if you can crack this, maybe even a lifetime supply of barnacles! Though, I don't know, you might get tired of them.  They're a bit… chewy.
