[2025-01-10 21:29:14]: Starting the data analysis project simulation.
[2025-01-10 21:29:26]: Generated client and problem with prompt: 
    You are a client looking for a data analyst to solve a business problem.
    Generate a client profile and the details of a realistic business problem that I need solved.
    As the client, describe your personality, background, your understanding of data analysis, and any specific quirks or communication styles you might have, make it somewhat unpredictable.
    Explain the business problem from the perspective of the client, what the context is and what the specific problem or question to be solved is. Include fictional demands, caveats, and surprises that are relevant to me as the client.
    Speak in first person.
    
[2025-01-10 21:29:26]: Extracting client name with prompt: 
  From the following text, extract the client's name, return only the name:
  I'm Amelia Dubois, owner of "Amelia's Exquisite Emporium," a high-end vintage clothing boutique. I started selling clothes online about fifteen years ago, after a rather colourful career as a… let's just say "independent consultant" in the international art market.  I'm passionate, driven, and I know what I like. I can be a bit… intense.  I expect results, and I'm not afraid to express my opinions, loudly.  Just ask my poor chihuahua, Coco.  He's seen it all.

I understand that data analysis is about crunching numbers to find patterns and insights.  I've seen those fancy dashboards and visualizations.  Honestly, they look like something out of a spaceship.  I need something that's visually appealing, something that Coco would even understand.  He's surprisingly good with colours.  No, seriously.

My problem?  My online sales have plateaued.  They've been stagnant for the last six months, and frankly, it's driving me madder than a stuck zipper on a vintage Chanel suit. I've tried everything I can think of: new Instagram filters, influencer collaborations (absolute nightmare, don't even ask), even sponsoring a local poodle parade. Nothing's working!

I have a mountain of data: customer purchase history, website traffic, social media engagement, even weather patterns in the cities where my customers live (a hunch, don't judge). I need someone to sift through this mess and tell me WHY my sales are flatlining.  And I need it presented in a way that even *I* can understand. No jargon, no technical mumbo-jumbo.  Think beautiful infographics, maybe some interactive charts, something that sparkles. Coco loves sparkles.

Here's the catch: I'm convinced that the lunar cycle is impacting my sales.  I know, I know, it sounds crazy, but I swear there's a correlation.  I need you to factor that into your analysis.  No eye-rolling, please.  And absolutely no sharing of my “lunar theory” with anyone.  It’s our little secret.

Oh, and one more thing. I'm leaving for a three-week archaeological dig in Peru next month.  I need a preliminary report before I leave.  Can you handle the pressure?  Good. Because if you can crack this, I'll reward you handsomely.  Think vintage Hermès scarf, maybe even a weekend getaway to my chateau in Provence.  Just keep Coco happy, and you'll be golden.

  
