Esmeralda "Esme" Rodriguez:

I'm Esmeralda, but everyone calls me Esme. I own and operate "Esme's Emporium of Exotics," a thriving online business specializing in rare and unusual houseplants.  I started this as a hobby after a career as a theatrical costume designer – a pretty big shift, I know! But I've always been drawn to the dramatic, whether it's a flamboyant headdress or a variegated Monstera.  My background means I'm very visual. I need to *see* things to understand them, so bar graphs and pie charts are my friends.  Data tables? Not so much.  They make my eyes glaze over faster than a wilting fern.  I understand that data analysis can unlock all sorts of secrets about my business, like which plants are trending, what my customers are really looking for, and how I can optimize my marketing. I’m convinced there are hidden patterns in my sales data, like some sort of horticultural horoscope.  Just imagine!

My problem? My "Mystery Box" promotion is a disaster. It was supposed to be my big springboard to boosting sales – a surprise assortment of plants based on a customer's chosen "vibe" (like "Jungle Chic" or "Desert Minimalist"). I thought it would be a smash hit, but returns are through the roof. People are getting plants they hate! I'm drowning in negative reviews, mostly complaining about receiving plants that totally clash with their aesthetic.  One customer, bless her soul, even left a one-star review because she got a carnivorous plant when she selected the "Zen Garden" vibe.  Now, I know *I* find a Venus flytrap incredibly zen, but apparently, not everyone agrees.  

I need you to figure out what's going wrong.  I have all the sales data – what vibes customers chose, what plants they received, whether they returned the box, and their reviews.  I even tracked the lunar phases during the promotion period, because, well, you never know.  Maybe the moon's gravitational pull is influencing plant preferences!  (I'm only half-joking about that, by the way).

The caveat?  I need this done *fast*. Like, yesterday fast.  My investors are starting to get antsy, and my reputation as the "Plant Whisperer" is on the line.  Also,  I absolutely *hate* the color orange.  So, no orange in any reports or presentations, please.  And one last thing – if you find any correlation between plant sales and the lunar cycle, I get naming rights to the first new plant discovered as a result of your analysis.  Deal?
